[Music]
some people believe if we repeat stories
often enough
they become real they make us who we are
that can be scary
eat it Harold do you want to see on it
house some kids went missing so they
boarded it up
okay
I saw it we go now toward the chicken
what's that it's a book of scary stories
tell me a story
hey what's going on Tommy's missing
Tommy's name was in the book there's no
way it's actually connected right okay
what is what happens in the book is
exactly what's happened for real oh my
god listen you're in the next story
reading it right here I'm afraid that we
broke something up you shouldn't have
taken the book
we've got to stop it
sara bellows his book when the stories
write themselves and it all comes alive
the jingling man is coming
[Music]